All right here we go let's build the architecture of our neural network inside this method.
So I insist on the fact that we are going to build indeed the architecture because I remind that the
class only defines the instructions of what you're building.
And right now we're building the model of a brain.
But in order to have the real brain itself and use it well we will have to create an object of the brain
class after it is fully defined.
So what we're about to do now is just to create this fool architecture composed of an input layer of
three input neurons.
Then the first layer of Sixty-Four hidden neurons the second hidden layer of 32 neurons and an output
layer of five neurons.
So let's do this let's build this neural network architecture.
All right so before we build this architecture Well remember that the learning rate we provided here
is only an argument.
So exactly as what happened for the environment.
Well we will have to create also a learning rate object variable which of course will initialized with
the value provided in the argument.
Learning right here.
OK.
So let's start by doing this.
So all of that learning rate which will be initialized as of course the learning rate provided in the
arguments you create then that's when eventually we started building that architecture.
And so we're simply going to do this step by step from left to right meaning that we'll first start
by creating the input layer composed of three neurons and we'll do that by simply creating an object
of the input class then we'll simply create these two here and there.
Here the first one composed of 64 neurons.
And the second one composed of 32 neurons and we'll do that again by creating two objects of the dance
class.
And then again using the dance class we will create the output layer composed of the five possible output
which I remind our for is going to be the q values and then you'll see in the training and the simulation
will use an arc Max method to return the final action which will have basically the maximum of the output
Q values and then eventually.
Well we will create a new object of the middle class with the architecture that we're about to build
here and then we'll compare everything with I mean squared error last and an atom optimizer.
So let's do this let's start with the first step creating the input layer composed of three input neurons.
So how are you going to do this.
Well first we're going to introduce a variable which we're going to call states and that's to specify
that indeed we're starting by building the input layer which contains exactly the state right the states
are the inputs of the neural network and each state is composed of three elements.
The server temperature number of users and the rate of data.
And so this day is horrible here.
As we said it's going to be created as an object of this input class which is a class of the layers
module by Cara's.
And so there we go.
I'm calling this into the class which is taking on the one argument that we actually need and which
is the shape and the shape will be of course the dimensions of the input state which is a simple vector
of three elements and to write this well in parenthesis we're going to enter three here and then a comma
and that creates an input vector of three elements like it has three rows and only one column.
OK great.
We already have inputs.
We already created the input layer here and now we're going to make some fool connections to connect
this input layer here in the states with the first hidden layer composed of 64 neurons.
So let's do this.
And that's where we're going to use the dance class because indeed we're going to create this first
hidden layer that I'm going to call X as an object of the dance class which will create the full connections
between the input layer and this first thin layer.
And so what we have to put in is dense glasses arguments.
Well of course we have to say how many neurons we want in this first layer.
Now remind us we want 64 neurons.
So where does that 64 come from.
Well that comes from my experimentation you know of course before teaching this case that I experimented
with the AI and I tried several architectures.
And this one with 64 neurons in the first layer and thirty two neurons and the second one led to some
good results.
So maybe there is a better one we can actually do some parameter attuning to find the best architecture.
But you can imagine that this is a job because there is an infinite number of architectures that you
can try.
So I try to classic one sixty four neurons in the first layer and third two neurons and the second layer
is an architecture you will see in many examples.
So that's where it comes from.
And we're going to choose this one.
And so to specify that we want indeed 64 hidden neurons in the first hill and later we'll hear the arguments
we will input a number of units.
So this is the name of the arguments here.
I'm not choosing to call it this way it's what was defined in the Cara's library units equals 64.
And with that only you create your hidden layer of 64 neurons.
But then I also want to specify an activation function which will be used to break the linearity of
the operations happening in the neural network that's crucial to understand.
Whenever you build a neural network is always to solve a nonlinear problem.
Otherwise you don't have to build a neural network.
You can just use a simple inner moral.
Of course when we were doing some AI and we have to break some actions the operations will never be
linear.
No it will never be a linear problem.
And in order to break the linearity of the operations happening all these connections are between the
neurons and the inputs the neurons with each other and the neurons with outputs.
For that we use an activation function.
We have several activation functions that you can use for that purpose.
You have to really function rectifiable any unit or you have the sigmoid function which is this function.
So that's what you have to know about it.
But if you need more details on this if you want to get some intuition in more depth.
Well keep in mind that idea of discourse we have some annex sections which provide the theory of deep
learning and which you can check out to get some more solid understanding of the deeper in theory and
we explain in detail how the neural networks work from start to finish.
So feel free to check it out.
We of course talk about the sigmoid function.
And so speaking of the sigmoid function that's exactly what we have to improve here.
And so this activation argument which is again an argument by Chris Well we're going to put in quote
sigmoid get perfect and then to make the full connection between the input layer here which are the
states that is the input state vector.
And this first layer here.
Well we simply have to input here the state and that will make the full connection between the input
layer here and the first hit here.
And so now we are ready to move on to the next step in our architecture which is to build a second hidden
layer and make again a full connection between the first hidden layer composed of the 64 neurons and
the second is composed of 32 neurons.
And to do this we're going to do exactly the same thing as what we just did.
But I'm going to introduce a new marble Y which will be exactly the second layer which will be created
again as an object of the dance class which is a class you have to use anytime you want to build a fully
connected layer and make some connections with the previous layer.
And so here again of course we're going to impute the same arguments.
And I'm going to use the same activation function to break the linearity but this time we're not going
to create 64 neurons but 32 neurons.
Then as we said we keep the same activation function to signal the activation function.
And in the end of course to make that full connection between the second hit in there and the first
hit and they are here well we have two input here that first here and they are perfect.
Now we're making progress in building that architecture.
Let's see what the next step is.
Well the next step is of course to create the final output layer composed of the five actions here.
And to do this we're going to use the dense glass again.
Why.
That's because we have to make the full connections between the second hit and they are composed of
the 32 neurons.
And this output layer composed of the five actions or the five core values of the five actions.
All right.
So let's do this this time I'm not going to call it set since we're about to create the output layer.
And since this output contains exactly the q values Well I'm going to create exact here and a very well
which will be the q values arise so that we clearly remember that the output of our neural network are
the q values and not directly the actions will get the actions later in the training and the testing.
When we have to play exactly the action from zero to five.
OK so two values.
And as we said since we need to make some food things here and as we said since we need to make some
full connections again between the second layer and the output layer Well we're going to use dance class
again so that our output is created as an abject of this class which will take the same arguments here
but with different values so I'm copying everything here and we'll just replace their values by the
right ones.
And so what I'm going to be the right ones.
Well first the units what is going to be the number of units.
Well as we can clearly see here the number of units corresponds to the number of actions that can be
returned.
And we have five actions so the number of units here would be five.
But we specified number of actions of the argument in case you know you want to experiment with different
AI that can play more than five actions or less well in that case.
We want to use this so that we can plug things more directly.
OK and finally what activation function are we going to use here to break inheriting.
Well for the output layer it is recommended and you will see that most of the time is not a sigmoid
activation function but soughed Max activation function and again soughed Knox is clearly explained
in the Annex deploying lectures at the end of this course.
So if you don't know what's up next is I highly recommend to check it out.
And then again to make the full connections between the output letter containing the q values and the
previous hidden layer which is a Y variable here.
Well of course we have to hear why.
And there we go.
We're done building this whole architecture.
Perfect.
So clearly that was easy.
Really this is the easiest way you can do this with Garrus.
You have some other great deep libraries like by torche or even sense of flow.
But with these frameworks you would not build a neural network like this one as easily as we just did.
All right.
Perfect.
Now we're going to move onto the next step which is to assemble everything into a model so we will create
a new model our here which will be an object of the middle class and then from this model will compel
everything with a quit errorless and our atom optimized are created as a nudge X of this and less but
we'll do and explain all this in the next story.
And until then.
Enjoy AI.